Miscellaneous style guide edits (#6441)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_api/endpoints/messaging/send_messages/post_send_triggered_campaigns.md

/campaigns/trigger/send
{% endapimethod %}

> > Use this endpoint to send immediate, impromptu messages to designated users via API-triggered delivery. 

Author: ```suggestion
> Use this endpoint to send immediate, one-off messages to designated users via API-triggered delivery. 
```
